Fixed checksum calculation for compressed blocks (#2027)
spacetelescope/pyasdf: docs/asdf/arrays.rst

Individual blocks in an ASDF file may be compressed.

.. warning::

    Files created by ``asdf`` versions prior to ``v5.2.1`` used an incorrect method of computing
    checksums for compressed blocks. This bug was fixed in ``v5.2.1``.

>     As a result files created by ``asdf<=v5.2.0`` are not fully compatible with ``asdf>=v5.2.1`` and vice-versa.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Files created by ``asdf`` versions prior to ``5.2.1`` used an incorrect method of computing
    checksums for compressed blocks. This bug was fixed in ``5.2.1``.
    As a result files created by ``asdf<=5.2.0`` will fail block checksum validation with ``asdf>=5.2.1`` and vice-versa.
```
Thanks for adding this section. This suggestion removes the `vX.X.X` version formatting in favor of the `X.X.X` format we use elsewhere in the docs and clarifies the incompatibility.

Author: Updated
